How to Eat Life​
​(Inoti no Tabekata)​
A backpacker, who is searching for something missing​,
flew into a rage yet again​
​​​Even if I were to get hopeful over sudden happenings​
you wouldn't appear at all​
"Bibbidi Bobbide Bouー"
Reciting it just like a spell,​
but I'm still anxiously waiting for its return​
Yet again those emotions escaped me​
(It isn't this,)​
(nor that)​
(This is just making me more impatient)​
All I wanted was a hand next to me to hold​
because I don't know the warmth of it at all​
This poverty have reached my heart​
while wandering around the gray sea​
The beauty of it is overflowing​
Do not overlook it​
Tonight,
​before tomorrow comes, sober up
You're running out of time
I want to be blinded​
​from this dull today​
and go beyond it​
Surelyー
Your voice
has yet to hit and make all these thoughts go away
until I get overcome with unsteadiness
For both of us,
To forget that is unforgivable.
As long as you don’t ever stop thinking of it
The Mad Hatter that dances at midnight​
vanishes before you could say a thing​
Even if I were to lower my expectations​
you wouldn't appear at all​
Crying in the gap between reality​
my stomach being torn apart with this thought​
The thorns of the words I've gulped down stab me​
Only that absurdity was left over​
(My favorite)​
(cutlery)​
(seems to bring only bliss)​
Everyone was gathering around the table​
just to thrust forward the knife​
while tearing out your adam's apple​
I wet the tips of my fingers​
How to use a fork​
No one has ever taught me
Do not try to look at the truth​
Measuring the weight of life
In that wavering bonfire,​
what did you see?
Tonight,
​​before tomorrow comes, sober up
You're running out of time
I want to be blinded from this dull today​
and go beyond it​
Surelyー
My voice
has yet to hit and make all these thoughts go away
until I get overcome with unsteadiness
For both of us,
To forget that is unforgivable.
As long as you don’t ever stop thinking of it
Find me,​
before I eat myself​